[Autogenerated] All right, let's dive into our final module.
And in this module, we're going to start looking at implementing a W S I O T.
Which is short for Internet of things.
This is going to be a fairly quick module relative to the others.
We're just gonna go ahead and go over the General A W
S I o t offerings that we can use.
So we'll look at things like I o t green grass, for example.
Now, what are a W S i o t services?
Well, first of all,
they allow for secure bi directional communication between internet devices
and a ws cloud so we can collect and store telemetry data from multiple
devices for analysis and store that data in a W s.
Now, the power of the I.
O T services is that it allows users to control I o T
devices from their own personal phones, tablets and smart home devices.
So it allows us to securely connect and talk with a W S
from things like sensors and warehouses,
or maybe your own phone.
That's passing data for a GPS tracking for, let's say, a jog around the park.
There's many different use cases that internet of things consol of.
And with that, let's actually start diving into the i O. T offerings from within the AWS console.